Okay, so I'm testing it out as a professor, and the professor in the explorar un ejemplo, they're actually not seeing the example because I cannot, like, it's a solo lectura, but yes, put it as a solo lectura, but they should be able to see the example of, like, how the UI looks like for the students, so they could, they should be able to put start example, and it should show them as an example of what they do. Also, en mis simulaciones, I created a simulacion, yeah, but then it just puts a list, it doesn't let me click it, and if I click edit, it just takes me back to the create simulation. It should let me edit it. It should also let me view it as a real-time simulation to test it out, to say, test out your simulation as a professor, that the professor can test out the simulation, and also, it should let me click it, go in, and add students as well, to be able to add students via email. And then, that it sends an email to a student that I added saying, the professor has added you to this, uh, ta-ta-ta, so we have to create also that email, that automated email that goes after somebody gets added, um, yeah, and that is add student, but there's also bulk add students with their email, or add via a code, and that uh students can also join that simulation via a code, yeah, because right now, the only thing I can do as a professor is explore the example, which is not great, create a simulation. And also, one thing that I saw in the crear manualmente, the simple indicators, it puts indicadores simple, moral del equipo, presupuesto, but the idea is that we keep indicators, the four, the... the five indicators at all times, in the manual creation as well, you know, which are revenue or budget, team morale, brand reputation, operational efficiency, and stakeholder trust. Yeah, so please also make that change, because right now I can't do anything. And as a professor, remember, I should be able to add students via email, via bulk adding emails, or a code should appear that when students are on their dashboard and students put their code, their unique code to join the simulation, like Kahoot, that they add that code and it adds them to the simulation. And then the teacher as well, when they go to Mi Simulaciones, that they are able to click the simulation and like I said, test it out, add students, but they can also, if the simulation, like if there are already enrolled students, that the teacher can put start simulation. Only when the teacher puts start simulation, then the students can start it. Before, they can't. It says like, the teacher has not yet started the simulation. And when that happens, that then the professor can see what students have been enrolled in that simulation. You know what I mean?